app/vmui: added table where Labels with the highest number of unique values show (#4271)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmbackup](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackup.html): store backup creation and completion time in `backup_complete.ignore` file of backup contents. This allows determining the exact timestamp when the backup was created and completed.
* FEATURE: [vmbackupmanager](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackupmanager.html): add `created_at` field to the output of `/api/v1/backups` API and `vmbackupmanager backup list` command. See this [doc](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackupmanager.html#api-methods) for data format details.
* FEATURE: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): add support for [different time formats](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Single-server-VictoriaMetrics.html#timestamp-formats) for `--vm-native-filter-time-start` and `--vm-native-filter-time-end` command-line flags. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4091).

> * FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): rollback table with the highest number of unique values in the main page. This table helps to find labels with huge unique values. See [issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4213).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): add table with the highest number of unique label values. This table helps to determine labels with a big number of unique values. See [issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4213).
```
